maybe you should join us for a ride
get out of my house how are you doing
today jack I we need to talk give
anything aside from being ambiguous in
hostile
[Music]
hello who's Andrew
you never mentioned the daughter we just
met a few hours ago bingo
come out there Jack it's beginning to
think that you just crawled out of the
ground I know I shocked to find out you
had a kid
[Music]
they have Andrea
this could be bad
have you seen a young lady with a
littering in here today what'd she look
like a young lady with a lip ring are
you Derek are you I had no idea put him
in the Bible if that means anything
I'm known as king probably just gonna go
kill another room full of people you are
probably come on getting you out of here
I'm going to kill you tear you apart and
you chief
he doesn't want to
what I have to
what a wondering to tell you
let me die
you